README.md, before:

# Read

- If you get the error “Only letters, numbers, and ._ are accepted” when trying to get the username, try getting it from the alias section.

# How to use
- Have <a href="https://www.python.org/">Python</a> installed.
- First clone the repository or <a href="https://github.com/2xrd/guns.lol-username-checker/archive/refs/heads/main.zip">download it as .zip</a>
- Install the required libraries: open `install.bat`
- open `gunslol.py`
- if you want to check how many letter usernames, type a number accordingly in the first question
- Answer the second question with a duration (recommended 0.1)
- In the 3rd question, if you want to save unclaimed usernames to unclaimed.txt, type `Y` if you don't want `N`
- In the 4rd question, if you want to be notified to your discord webhook, type `Y` and enter your discord webhook, if you want to continue without webhook, type `N` and continue without webhook.
- done bot will check unclaimed usernames

# Images

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/efekrbas/guns.lol-username-checker/blob/main/images/image1.png">
</p>

Commit message:

Update README with premium account note for alias
Clarified that a premium account is needed for alias section username retrieval.

README.md, after:

# Read

- If you get the error “Only letters, numbers, and ._ are accepted” when trying to get the username, try getting it from the alias section. (You need to purchase a premium account for the alias.)

# How to use
- Have <a href="https://www.python.org/">Python</a> installed.
- First clone the repository or <a href="https://github.com/2xrd/guns.lol-username-checker/archive/refs/heads/main.zip">download it as .zip</a>
- Install the required libraries: open `install.bat`
- open `gunslol.py`
- if you want to check how many letter usernames, type a number accordingly in the first question
- Answer the second question with a duration (recommended 0.1)
- In the 3rd question, if you want to save unclaimed usernames to unclaimed.txt, type `Y` if you don't want `N`
- In the 4rd question, if you want to be notified to your discord webhook, type `Y` and enter your discord webhook, if you want to continue without webhook, type `N` and continue without webhook.
- done bot will check unclaimed usernames

# Images

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/efekrbas/guns.lol-username-checker/blob/main/images/image1.png">
</p>
